have user edit generated file to enable DNS (#8522)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/virtual-machine/index.md

    {{< /tabset >}}

1. (Optional) Enable Capturing DNS

    {{< idea >}}
    A sophisticated option involves configuring DNS within the virtual
    machine to reference an external DNS server. This option is beyond
    the scope of this guide.
    {{< /idea >}}

>     To allow your VM to resolve Kubernetes Services by hostname, you can append a line to the generated `cluster.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To allow your VM to resolve Kubernetes Services by hostname, add an additional configuration option to the generated `cluster.env`.
```
